None;midi:CC0=iop/exposure/exposure
None;midi:CC1=iop/exposure/black level correction
None;midi:CC2=iop/denoiseprofile/strength
None;midi:CC3=iop/denoiseprofile/preserve shadows
None;midi:CC4=iop/filmicrgb/white relative exposure
None;midi:CC5=iop/filmicrgb/black relative exposure
None;midi:CC6=iop/filmicrgb/contrast
None;midi:CC8=iop/channelmixerrgb/temperature
None;midi:CC9=iop/channelmixerrgb/colorfulness/input R
None;midi:CC10=iop/channelmixerrgb/colorfulness/input G
None;midi:CC11=iop/channelmixerrgb/colorfulness/input B
None;midi:CC12=iop/colorbalancergb/global saturation
None;midi:CC13=iop/colorbalancergb/saturation/shadows
None;midi:CC14=iop/colorbalancergb/saturation/mid-tones
None;midi:CC15=iop/colorbalancergb/saturation/highlights
None;midi:CC17=iop/colorzones/channel
midi:G-1=iop/denoiseprofile
midi:A-1=iop/exposure/exposure;reset
midi:B-1=iop/exposure/black level correction;reset
midi:C#0=iop/denoiseprofile/strength;reset
midi:D#0=iop/denoiseprofile/preserve shadows;reset
midi:E0=iop/filmicrgb/auto tune levels;button
midi:B0=iop/filmicrgb
midi:C#1=iop/filmicrgb/white relative exposure;reset
midi:D#1=iop/filmicrgb/black relative exposure;reset
midi:F1=iop/filmicrgb/contrast;reset
midi:G#1=iop/channelmixerrgb/illuminant;item:D (daylight)
midi:D#2=iop/channelmixerrgb
midi:E2=iop/channelmixerrgb/illuminant;item:D (daylight)
midi:F2=iop/channelmixerrgb/temperature;reset
midi:C3;midi:CC12=iop/colorbalancergb/global chroma
midi:C3;midi:CC13=iop/colorbalancergb/chroma/shadows
midi:C3;midi:CC14=iop/colorbalancergb/chroma/mid-tones
midi:C3;midi:CC15=iop/colorbalancergb/chroma/highlights
midi:C#3;midi:CC12=iop/colorbalancergb/global brilliance
midi:C#3;midi:CC13=iop/colorbalancergb/brilliance/shadows
midi:C#3;midi:CC14=iop/colorbalancergb/brilliance/mid-tones
midi:C#3;midi:CC15=iop/colorbalancergb/brilliance/highlights
midi:D3;midi:CC12=iop/colorbalancergb/hue shift
midi:D3;midi:CC13=iop/colorbalancergb/global vibrance
midi:D3;midi:CC14=iop/colorbalancergb/contrast
midi:E4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph
midi:F4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;orange
midi:F#4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;yellow
midi:G4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;green
midi:G#4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;aqua
midi:A4=views/thumbtable/color label;blue
midi:A4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;blue
midi:A#4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;purple
midi:B4;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;magenta
midi:D#5=iop/colorzones
midi:E8=views/thumbtable/color label;red
midi:F8=views/thumbtable/color label;yellow
midi:F#8=views/thumbtable/color label;green
midi:G8=views/thumbtable/color label;blue
midi:G#8=views/thumbtable/color label;purple
midi:A#8=views/darkroom/image back
midi:B8=views/darkroom/image forward
